doc: Mock-Interviews: Algorithms & Data Structure (#41)
WomenWhoCode/WWCode-London: resources/mock-interviews/README.md

# Mock Interview

> Mock Interviews are very helpful in the way to preparing for real interviews! Women Who Code London help participant of the community to organise mock interviews and practise tackling interview with each other!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mock Interviews are very helpful in preparing for real interviews! Women Who Code London helps participants of the community to organise mock interviews and practise tackling interviews with each other!
```

- [Mock Interview](#mock-interview)
  - [Process](#process)
    - [Joining Stage](#joining-stage)
    - [Request Acceptance Stage](#request-acceptance-stage)
    - [Schedule Stage](#schedule-stage)
    - [Preparation Stage](#preparation-stage)
    - [Feedback](#feedback)
  - [Possible Questions](#possible-questions)
    - [How will be done the match process?](#how-will-be-done-the-match-process)
    - [Is required any level of knowleadge](#is-required-any-level-of-knowleadge)
    - [How to prepare for the mock interview?](#how-to-prepare-for-the-mock-interview)

## Process

### Joining Stage

> You have to [complete the form](TODO_GET_LINK) before the deadline mentioned in [event](TODO_GET_EVENT_LINK)

Author: TODO: to be fixed with the final link from the event and the form.

Reviewer 2: https://forms.gle/7Rp6E1Ncj6gzS1fH6

> You have to [complete the form](https://forms.gle/7Rp6E1Ncj6gzS1fH6) before the deadline mentioned in [event](TODO_GET_EVENT_LINK)

Reviewer 3: Is there a better way to manage the form and event link ?

- The event link will be outdated and someone will have to keep updating it in the repo requiring additional manual overhead.
- The form should be ok. But I see the form has specific dates. Not sure if we can update the date in the same form for future events and will it impact the data for the person performing the matching process. 

I mean can we add it as a bookmark to the slack channel. Specially the event link will be outdated and someone will have to keep updating in the repo. The form should e

Author: @bharitwal I understand your concerns, and they make sense. But this material will be used for the mock interview week event (which will be to promote this week first, as it was in the last event). 
I will be responsible to update the document before the event and after, so I will make sure to have everything up-to-date. 

Based on the discussed I had with @irenkamalova before.

Reviewer 2: Good point!
@dricazenck, let's add a form and link to the event to the mock-interview channel!
That will allow us to manage cycles in the channel and reduce the need to update this documentation indeed. 🚀 

Nice catch! Thank you @bharitwal!

Author: Done.

Pick up among:

- [Mock-Coding Interview - Algorithms & Data Structure](/resources/mock-interviews/mock-code-interview)
- [Mock-Behaviour Interview](/resources/mock-interviews/mock-behavioral-interview)

### Request Acceptance Stage

- WWCode team review forms and match candidates.

> - You will receive an email with a contact of the person your matched with or information that we couldn’t find a match for you.

Reviewer 3: Would be useful to add the timeline for this stage so that members are aware.

### Schedule Stage

Once you receive a match, you should schedule the meeting with your opponent (Google meet, zoom, etc.)

**During mock-interview, you’re playing both roles: as candidate, and as interviewer. You'll be marked as Primary or Secondary.
Primary should organise an interview.**

- Primary

>   - Once a request has been accepted by the interviewer, the candidate should agree the date-time and the preferred meeting tool (zoom, google meet, webex, MS teams, etc) for the mock behvaioural interview with the interviewer.

Reviewer 2: mock behvaioural interview -> mock interviews

  - Send a 30 mins meeting invite for the interview

- Secondary

>   - Agree the date-time and preferred meeting tool (zoom, google meet, webex, MS teams, etc) with the candidate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Agree on the date-time and preferred meeting tool (zoom, google meet, webex, MS teams, etc) with the candidate
```

  - Accept the meeting invite sent by the candidate

> 

Reviewer 3: Would be helpful to have a consistent terminology here as its a bit confusing. Currently there are 3 terms:

- Primary and Secondary
- Opponent
- Candidate

If we can just use 1 terminology that would be really helpful. Probably primary - secondary.
